This Policy applies to all personal information received by Memeit, in any format, including electronic, paper or verbal. Medmeme respects individual privacy and values the confidence of its customers, employees, business partners and others. Memeit does not collect, use and disclose personal information.
 Memeit does not use any third party agencies to collect personal information. All information collected by Memeit comes from credible public sources like SteemConnect available in public domain on the Steem blockchain. memeit has a tradition of upholding the highest ethical standards in its business practices.

For this Privacy Policy
The following definitions shall apply:
“Agent” means any third party that collects or uses personal information under the instructions of, and solely for, Memeit or to which Memeit discloses personal information for use on Memeit’s behalf.
“Personal information” means any information or set of information that identifies or could be used by or on behalf of Memeit to identify an individual. Personal information does not include information that is encoded or anonymized, or publicly available information that has not been combined with non-public personal information.
“Sensitive personal information” means personal information that reveals race, ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, views or activities, that concerns health or sex life, information about social security benefits, or information on criminal or administrative proceedings and sanctions other than in the context of pending proceedings.
 In addition, Memeit will treat as sensitive personal information any information received from a third party where that third party treats and identifies the information as sensitive.

PRIVACY PRINCIPLES
We may receive information about you from other sources and such information may be added to our Website from time to time. Such information may include your behavior towards various content posted on our Website from other sources.
We automatically log information about you and your computer. For e.g, when visiting our Website  we log‎ Internet protocol (IP) address, and information about your use of and actions on our Website.
Memeit does not collect private information
Memeit does not conduct any internet financial transactions
Any user information collected by Memeit will remain in Memeit’s database.
We may log information using "cookies." Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website. Cookies help us make our Website and your visit better. We use cookies to see which parts of our Website people use and like and to count visits to our Website.

CHOICE: Memeit will offer individuals the opportunity to choose (opt-out) whether their personal information is (a) to be disclosed to a non-agent third party, or (b) to be used for a purpose other than the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the individual.

LIMITATION ON APPLICATION OF PRINCIPLES
Adherence by Memeit to these Privacy Shield Principles may be limited
(a) to the extent required to respond to a legal or ethical obligation
(b) to the extent necessary to meet national security, public interest or law enforcement obligations; and 
(c) to the extent expressly permitted by an applicable law, rule or regulation.

CONTACT
We welcome your comments or questions about this privacy policy. You may also contact us via the following :
Github: https://github.com/memeit-lol/memeit.lol
Discord: kennybll#3044 or Amos#4622


CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this privacy policy. If we make any changes, we will change the Last Updated date below.
This privacy policy was last Updated on April 26th, 2018.
